README.MD, before:

# Solar Age Converter

#### January 11th, 201

### _Jared Reando_

## Description

A simple application for determining your age based on the orbital period of our solar system's planets.

## Setup and Installation

1. Clone the project from https://github.com/jaredreando/solar-hunt.git to a local directory

2. From the project directory, set up

3. From the terminal, go the project directory and start the Rails server with:
```console
rails s


## Further Development

  ### Current Features
  - [x] Unique user authentication
  - [] Specs were committed before any code.

  - [] Business logic is thoroughly tested with Jasmine.

  - [] Karma is set up correctly.

  - [] Project utilizes ES6 features including classes, let and const.

  - []  Dependencies are managed with npm.

  - [] Application uses webpack to lint, bundle, and process code.

  - [] Project is in a polished, portfolio-quality state. (Clear code presentation, error free, complete README, commit history, etc.)

  - [] Required functionality was in place by the Friday deadline.

  - [] Project demonstrates understanding of week's concepts. If prompted, you are able to discuss your code with an instructor using correct terminology.

## Support and Contact Details

For questions or feedback, email me at jaredreando@gmail.com

## Technologies used

1. **JavaScript**
2. **Node**

## Known Bugs
- No known bugs

## Legal

Copyright (c) 2018 Jared Reando

Commit message:

Clean up README.MD. Make final edits and polish.

README.MD, after:

# Solar Age Converter

#### January 11th, 2019

### _Jared Reando_

## Description

A simple application for determining your age based on the orbital period of our solar system's planets.

## Setup and Installation

1. Clone the project from https://github.com/jaredreando/solar-hunt.git to a local directory

2. Make sure Node is installed on your machine

3. Download project dependencies using the `npm run test` command in the Terminal

4. Run spec tests with the `npm run test` command

5. To view the locally hosted project in a browser, run command `npm run start`


## Objectives

- [x] Specs were committed before any code.

- [x] Business logic is thoroughly tested with Jasmine.

- [x] Karma is set up correctly.

- [x] Project utilizes ES6 features including classes, let and const.

- [x]  Dependencies are managed with npm.

- [x] Application uses webpack to lint, bundle, and process code.

- [x] Project is in a polished, portfolio-quality state. (Clear code presentation, error free, complete README, commit history, etc.)

- [x] Required functionality was in place by the Friday deadline.

- [x] Project demonstrates understanding of week's concepts. If prompted, you are able to discuss your code with an instructor using correct terminology.

## Support and Contact Details

For questions or feedback, email me at jaredreando@gmail.com

## Technologies used

1. **JavaScript**
2. **Node**

## Known Bugs
- No known bugs

## Legal

Copyright (c) 2018 Jared Reando
